c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.exe.config
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.exe
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\WebCam.pdb
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.Form1.resources
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.exe
c:\users\arioobarzan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebCam\WebCam\obj\Debug\WebCam.pdb
